A. Some unusual jobs.
When we ask students what they would like to be in the future, they often talk about
ordinary jobs like doctors or teachers.
But if you think about it, you will find that many people do not do the jobs they plan
to do. They just start doing their jobs by accident.
We have talked to two people with unusual jobs.
Linda is a dentist, but she does not work with people.
She works with horses.
After university, she took care of animals' health for several years.
She noticed that there were few people who could help with horses' teeth.
So she went back to college and studied again.
Then she had to buy special tools for her work.
She is always very busy taking care of horses' teeth.
I really enjoy working with horses, said Linda.
As soon as Mike could read, he read books about robots.
When he was older, he decided to make building robots his job.
He made up his mind to study science, maths and computers so that he could break into the
world of robot engineering.
Some of the maths is very difficult, says Mike.
But you must study maths to be an engineer.
Luckily, he got top marks in all his maths exams.
Now he builds robots for industry.